Project Atlas will be an exercise app that allows the user to create an account and start logging their workouts. Our app intends to help the user track their progress easily and see their improvements over time allowing for a more motivating experience.
We of course want project Atlas to do more than just your avergae workout tracker. Along  with being able to choose from the exercsies shown on the app we also plan to provide detailed information on each exercise such as muscle usage, expected fatigue,
proper form and minor alterations you can use to change the exercise to target specific regions. Joining the gym can be a stressful experience for many as usually a lack of knowledge and fear of injury inhibit newcomers and dampen the overall experience
of self improvement. We wish to provide necessary information to aid the user in their workout and to track the progress they make in sessions so that seeing results has never been easier. Many people say that abs are made in the kitchen, which is why we
also want to incorporate a calorie and diet tracker to our app as well which can allow a user to track their diet too, all in the one application. The culmination of these two services provide a seamless user experience that records all their steps on
their journey to a healthy future. A social side of the app is also a big goal for us. With the added time constraints it may be unfeasible to have all three sides for our application but we are determined to provide the best user experience we can. We
want users to be able to make friends through the app either with similar training goals or regimes. Users can post their workouts which can help those around them as well as make the user feel good by displaying their achievements. 
